Updates ignoreSemantics migration guide (#9124)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/ignoringsemantics-migration.md

## Summary

The `IgnoringPointer` widget allows you to designate an area of the UI
where you don't want to accept pointer events, for example, when
you don't want to allow the user to enter text in a text field.

Previously, the `IgnorePointer` not only blocked pointer events but also
dropped its subtree from the semantics tree. The `ignoreSemantics` parameter
was introduced as a workaround to preserve the semantics tree when using
`IgnorePointer`s.

> The `IgnorePointer` behavior has changed that it no longer drops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IgnorePointer` behavior has changed in that it no longer drops
```

> 

Reviewer: The `IgnoringSemantics` widget allows you to designate an area of the UI
where you don't want to accept pointer events, for example, when
you don't want to allow the user to enter text in a text field.

Previously, you accomplished this by setting the `ignoringSemantics` property to
true on the highest level widget you want to disable, which
removed that widget and its subtree from the semantics tree.

This behavior has changed, and the `ignoringSemantics` boolean
is deprecated. To disable an area of the UI, you now wrap
that widget in an `IgnorePointer` widget. This has the
same effect without altering the semantics tree.

This change also applies to the `AbsorbPointer` and
`SliverIgnorePointer` widgets.

> The `ignoreSemantics` was introduced as a workaround to mitigate the result of

Reviewer: I am not completely grokking this PR. Maybe we should have a quick video meeting? It needs more explanation.

`IgnorePointer` and its related widgets dropping entire semantics subtrees.
Setting `ignoreSemantics` to false was the only way to preserve the semantics

> subtree while using the `IgnorePointer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtree while using the `IgnorePointer` widget.
```

> After v3.10.0-2.0.pre, the `IgnorePointer` no longer drops the entire semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After v3.10.0-2.0.pre, the `IgnorePointer` widget no longer drops the entire semantics
```

> subtree but only removing the pointer related semantics actions. Therefore, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtree but only removes the pointer-related semantics actions. Therefore, this
```

> workaround is no longer needed.

Reviewer: Can we delete this all highlighted lines?

    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);

ExcludeSemantics(
  child: AbsorbPointer(
    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);

SliverIgnorePointer(
  child: ExcludeSemantics(
    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);
```

> The behaviors of setting `ignoringSemantics` to false are no longer supported.
> Consider creating your own custom widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `ignoringSemantics` to false is no longer supported.
Consider creating your own custom widgets.
```
Why would you need to create your own custom widgets? This needs a tad more explanation.

Author: I am not sure why people would want to have the exact behavior of setting `ignoringSemantics` to true. so I only provide a example custom widgets they can use if they really really want to have the exact behavior

    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);

ExcludeSemantics(
  child: AbsorbPointer(
    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);

SliverIgnorePointer(
  child: ExcludeSemantics(
    child: const PlaceHolder(),
  ),
);
```

Setting `ignoringSemantics` to false is no longer supported.
Consider creating your own custom widgets.

```dart

> /// A widget ignores pointer event without modifying the semantics tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// A widget ignores pointer events without modifying the semantics tree.
```

  @override
  bool hitTest(BoxHitTestResult result, { required Offset position }) => false;
}

> /// A widget absorbs pointer event but still keeps semantics actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// A widget absorbs pointer events but still keeps semantics actions.
```
What do you mean by "keeps" semantic actions?

Author: updated the phrasing

class _AbsorbPointerWithSemantics extends SingleChildRenderObjectWidget {
  const _AbsorbPointerWithSemantics({
    super.child,
  });

  @override
  _RenderAbsorbPointerWithSemantics createRenderObject(BuildContext context) {
    return _RenderAbsorbPointerWithSemantics();
  }
}

class _RenderAbsorbPointerWithSemantics extends RenderProxyBox {
  _RenderAbsorbPointerWithSemantics();

  @override
  bool hitTest(BoxHitTestResult result, { required Offset position }) {
    return size.contains(position);
  }
}

> /// A sliver ignores pointer event but still keeps semantics actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// A sliver ignores pointer events but still keeps semantics actions.
```

class _SliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics extends SingleChildRenderObjectWidget {
  const _SliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics({
    super.child,
  });

  @override
  _RenderSliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics createRenderObject(BuildContext context) {
    return _RenderSliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics();
  }
}

class _RenderSliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics extends RenderProxySliver {
  _RenderSliverIgnorePointerWithSemantics();

  @override
  bool hitTest(BoxHitTestResult result, { required Offset position }) => false;
}
```

> ## Timeline

Author: this will be in the next release

> ## Timeline

Reviewer: Can you provide info on when it was added to beta?
